docs: update glossary.md (#58)
elixir-lang/expert: pages/glossary.md

 * Formatting code in a file (`> Format Document`/`shift`+`alt`+`f` in VSCode).
 * Prefixing unused variables with an `_`.

> Code mods are defined in the `remote_control` sub-app and are executed in the project's virtual machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Code mods are defined in the `engine` sub-app and are executed in the project's virtual machine.
```
